Create preprocessors.md (#490)
Codecademy/docs: content/c/concepts/preprocessors/preprocessors.md

---

> Title: 'Preprocessors'

Author: @yangc95, done.

Description: 'A preprocessor scans the C program source code before it is compiled, allowing the source code to expand macros, include other files, and conditionally compile blocks of source code.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Command Line'
  - 'Developer Tools'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> A preprocessor scans the C program source code before it is compiled, allowing the source code to expand macros, include other files, and conditionally compile blocks of source code.

Reviewer: @yangc95 To [your point](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/490/files#r777049499), maybe we could like C Compiling to "compiled" in this section?

> A preprocessor scans the C program source code before it is compiled, allowing the source code to expand macros, include other files, and conditionally compile blocks of source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preprocessors in C scan the source code before it is compiled and transform it with tools like macros.
```

Preprocessor commands and macros are included in the source code file and are interpreted before the source code is passed to the compiler.
The preprocessor can modify the final code that is compiled or provide messages to the developer during preprocessing.

## Common Uses of Preprocessor Commands

### Including Additional Files

> The most common preprocessor command is `#include` which is used to include the text contents of some other file into the one being compiled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most common preprocessor commands is `#include` which is used to include the text contents of some other file into the one being compiled.
```

```c
#include <stdio.h>
```

The preprocessor will replace `#include <stdio.h>` with the text contents of the file **stdio.h**.

### Conditional Compilation

The preprocessor includes several statements used for conditional compilation: `#if`,`#elif`,`#else` and `#endif`.

> The preprocessor also includes `#ifdef` and `#ifndef` which are shorthand for `#if defined(...)` and `#if !defined(...)`.

Reviewer: @yangc95 Let's go with your initial suggestion.

```c
#if HELLO > 0
  printf("Hello world!");
#endif
```

If the macro `HELLO` is greater than zero, then the `printf("Hello world!")` command will be compiled.
If not, then the command will be omitted from the final code being compiled.

```c
#ifdef _WIN32
  // Compile for 32-bit Windows system
#elif defined(_WIN64)
  // Compile for a 64-bit Windows system
#else
  // Compile for something else
#endif
```

> The above will compile different code for different operating systems based on if the macros `_WIN32` or `_WIN64` exist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example above will compile different code for different operating systems based on if the macros `_WIN32` or `_WIN64` exist.
```

### Defining Macros

> When the preprocessor encounters a macro in the source code, it will replace the macro with the value it has been assigned.
> Macros are defined by using `#define` and can be undefined using `#undef`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the preprocessor encounters a macro in the source code, it will replace the macro with the value it has been assigned. Macros are defined by using `#define` and can be undefined using `#undef`.
```
